Mobile phones hav
e now convert
ed from device
s to
 our daily helpers or partners
. We 
ha
ve formed a very strong rel
a
tionsh
i
p with mobile phone
s. Witho
ut them most peopl
e 
thin
k life is impossible because it
’s our main source 
of 
entertainment, communication etc. There is a wide range of uses of mobile phones and it also has a lot of advantages in certain situations and in our life. So, technically what is a mobile phone? A mobile phone or a smart phone in short is a portable telephone which can make calls using radio frequency when the user is in a network range where the calls can happen. Calling is just one advantage that you have with a phone, there are many advantages like texting (another faster way of communication after phone calls), it’s portable, includes smart features, better camera quality, we can make online payments and also shop easily on phone. Smart phones have evolved from ringing pieces of steel to a practical partner today. First included the steel made telephones which were not portable and you had to connect it using some wires so it was not at all portable. Then came flip phones, these were famous in the United States. These types of phones were portable but did not include many features like good camera quality etc. The next which came was the keypad phones. The most famous example is the Nokia ones. These included more features than the flip phones, it had good camera quality, audios, connection to radio, sending messages etc. Then came the touchpad phones which are our modern smartphones. Over the decades it has developed, the cameras, then WhatsApp, and other social media platforms can be accessed through one portable, small, intelligent device which is the smartphone. It has been helpful but they say within the light there is always the lurking of darkness, so mobile phones do have downsides as well. The first downside is that people are getting too much in touch or addicted to mobile phones which have great consequences. If they get addicted to it, they won’t be able to live without it, they will spoil their health and much more. The second disadvantage is that on social media or other social platforms, you can be impersonated or someone can hack your account or you might get harassed by others. Social harassment has been a great problem these days, the greatest solution to it is to quit or  block the people who harass you or just ignore them. I would say that the mobile phone is a great invention by humans, it has made life 10 times easier than it used to be, but it comes with downsides, if we are careful those factors which harm us can be a
obally some people think mobile phones are goo
d and some think they are bad, but 
I 
would say that everything has downsides in today’s world.

mama mia
santa maria
twinkle twinkle little star how i wonder what u are 